- [Instructor] So in the last video
we used an in-memory user store.
This not only isn't tenable for real situations,
it isn't scalable or safe for that matter.
If you are keeping your users within your walls
the next step is adding the users to a database.
So let's do that.
Okay, I want you to open up admin-web, source main,
resources, and open up the schema.sql file.
All right, we're going to create our new schema
and this schema actually comes from spring.
This is the default schema that they are looking for
for the JDBC connection that we are going to use.
So create table users.
You can to define your own as you feel necessary
and you just create a specific case to handle that.
It's not very difficult and it's well documented.
So that's up to you if you want to try that down the road
and in the real world
I would definitely create my own schema.
But for now this works just fine.
So create a username, varchar_ignorecase 50,
not null primary key.
A password, varchar_ignorecase 500, not null,
and enabled boolean, not null.
And now let's create another table called authorities,
and authorities has a username, varchar_ignorecase 50,
not null.
And an authority, varchar_ignorecase 50, not null.
And it has a constraint, fk_authorities_users.
It's a foreign key constraint
on username and it references user at username.
And the last thing that we need to do
is we need to create a unique index, ix_author username
on authorities,
and it's on username and authority.
So what this says is
you can have instance of username multiple times
as long as each time it has a different authority
but you cannot have a same tuple
that has a username and authority that are identical,
pretty self-explanatory.
Okay, so now let's open up our data file
so that we can put some data in here.
So we will do an insert into users.
Username, password, enabled.
Values of user,
password.
Let me use that plain text for now.
We will fix that later,
but for right now it works just fine with plain text.
So we will use it.
Let's go ahead and create our admin user.
And now we need to do an insert into authorities,
username, authority.
Values of user, ROLE_USER.
And we will now do an admin.
Our admin will have a role of user
as well as a role of admin, and we're almost done.
So source main Java, base package, config, webSecureConfig,
go ahead and open that up.
Remove the override.
We will now call this users
and we are going to pass it a data source.
And that data source will come from our application context
and it will be our embedded database.
And we will simply return a new JdbcUserDetailsManager
that accepts our data source.
Now one more bean that we need to configure
and this is something that we will eventually get rid of
but for now we will put it in.
And this is just a password encoder.
And the password encoder we're going use for right now,
NoOpPasswordEncoder.getInstance.
And you'll notice that's deprecated,
plain tech should be deprecated.
Let's go ahead and run our application.
Everything started up.
So let's jump a into our web browser,
and let's navigate to localhost:8080.
Notice I'm using a new guest instance,
so I have no cookies.
Now, when I click on customers,
it's going to ask me to sign in.
So we will put in our user and our password or password
and we have authentication to the JDBC base database.
Everything that we expected,
let's go ahead and make sure that orders works.
And our detailed customer works.
Everything looks great.
So we have JDBC wired up into our authentication system.